Donte Small, Edem Kingsley-Amoah, Zoe Jacobson, Julian Fernandez

Breakfast & Bed

Breakfast & Bed will be a delivery-themed MUD game. Players will receieve deliveries from their local
business and deliver items to specified nonplayers with a given description.

Each order will have a limit on the number of turns that can be taken to complete the delivery.
When the player delivers the order to the specified nonplayer, the nonplayer will give payment to the player. 
This payment will be based on the number of turns taken to complete the order. Payment will be based on the number of
turns taken and the value of the delivered item.

Payment will take the form of money, which can be spent to purchase better equipment, as well as items
themselves. Items may be specialized and can take the forms of bikes or cars that allow for the player to complete
deliveries quicker, in addition to items like backpacks, which allow the player a greater number of items to be carried
at one time.

If the player fails to deliver the order, the player will lose money, with the potential to be fired. If the player loses
their job, they will have the opportunity to start their own business - their own delivery service.
If the player forgets the order, they may use up one turn to check the order. If the player wants to check their own 
location, they may do so, but again, would lose one turn.

The classes will function like this:
	Input will be handled by an implementation of an abstract class called GameInterface. This interface will hold a Player reference and be a member of the Engine class, which functions as the game's main class.
	The Engine class will use the Singleton pattern and only one Engine may ever be instantiated during the program. The Engine will contain an ArrayList of GameInterfaces - the intention here being that more than one player may be playing at a time.
	The engine's main function will be to handle interaction between the GameInterface and the Map class, which will contain a layout of room objects that the players and nonplayer mobs may traverse and interact with.
	Rooms and mobs (either player or nonplayer) all have Inventory objects, which handle item management.
	Finally, mobs will have delivery objects that handle all the logistics of their various deliveries.
